1)Establishing a relationship between two unrelated classes,
  what is this relationship called?

ans :         Association

2)When you declare two fields of different types in a class, 
  What is this relationship called???

ans :       Association

3)What relationship is narrower kind of association???

ans :     Aggregation

4)Explain - What occurs when there’s a one-way (HAS-A) relationship
 between the two classes you associate through their objects??

ans :

Aggregation is a narrower kind of association. It occurs when there’s a
one-way (HAS-A) relationship between the two classes you associate 
through their objects. For example, every Passenger has a Car but a
Car doesn’t necessarily have a Passenger. When you declare the 
Passenger class, you can create a field of the Car type that shows 
which car the passenger belongs to. Then, when you instantiate a 
new Passenger object, you can access the data stored in the
related Car as well

5)What is this Relationship called - When the two classes you
 associate are mutually dependent on each other and 
can’t exist without each other

ans:     Composition

6)What is this Relationship called - 
If one class ceases to exist, the other can’t survive alone

ans :   Composition

7)What is this Relationship called -
 When Relationship is One-directional 

ans: Association(one to many)

8)What is this Relationship called - 
The two classes are unrelated, each can exist without the other one 

ans :   Association

9)What is this Relationship called - Two separate classes are 
associated through their objects. 

ans :    Association

10)What is this Relationship called - 
Represents a PART-OF relationship between two classes.

ans :   Composition

11)What is this Relationship called - 
Can be a one-to-one, one-to-many, many-to-one, or 
many-to-many relationship

ams :   Association

12)What is this Relationship called - 
  Both classes are dependent on each other

ans :   Composition

13)What is this Relationship called - 
  Only one class is dependent on the othe

ans : Aggregation
