1)How OOP hides the underlying complexity of data 
Ans :

hides the underlying complexity of data as part of the OOP methodology,in which a program 
is segregrated into objects with specific data and functions.This technique enhances a
programmer's ability to create classes with unique data sets and functions,
avoiding unnecessary penetration from other program classes.
Data hiding also reduces system complexity for increased robustness by limiting 
interdependencies between software componenets.

2)Why OOP helps to avoid repetitive code
ans:
OOP helps to avoid repetitive code because :
(i)OOP is faster and easier to execute.
(ii)OOP provides a clear structure for the programs.
(iii)OOP helps to keep the Java code DRY "Don't Repeat Yourself",
 and makes the code easier to maintain, modify and debug.
(iv)OOP makes it possible to create full reusable applications 
 with less code and shorter development time.
The "Don't Repeat Yourself" (DRY) principle is about reducing the repetition of code. 
You should extract out the codes that are common for the application, 
and place them at a single place and reuse them instead of repeating it.

3) OOP presents only the signature of internal functionality 
ans:
Presents only the signature of internal functionality Gives flexibility to 
programmers to change the implementation of the abstract behaviour partial
abstraction(0-100%) can be achieved with abstract classes.

4)Gives flexibility to programmers to change the implementation of the 
  abstract behaviour-Explain?
ans: We are create abstraction class for future purpose i.e we can
change only implementation code no need to change abstract code in future.
we can change out implementation code as need without changing abstract class code.

5)Answer in single word - Multiple Inheritance can be implemented using
ans : interface

6)Answer in single word - Partial abstraction (0-100%) can be achieved with
ans:   abstract classes

7)Total abstraction (100%) can be achieved with
ans:   interfaces

8)____ Relationship is Static in nature
ans:    abstract class

9)_____ Relationship is Dynamic in nature 
ans :    interface
